# Excitable Rho dynamics control cell shape and motility by sequentially activating ERM proteins and actomyosin contractility

## Alternative naming convention
For certain figures, including Fig. 7 and Fig. S8c, we used a different naming convention.  Files acquired using the jobs feature were grouped together under a single folder and renamed. The corresponding codes for these sections use the following convention: 
Each file key is YYMMDD-FF-SSS-CC-WW-CNDTN-TT-CHNL where:
* YYMMDD: Acquisition date
* FF: File index
* SSS: Site index
* CC: Crop index (when applicable)
* WW: Well index (Ex.: B3)
* CNDTN: Well name (experimental condition nickname)
* TT: Treatment duration (in hours)
* CHNL: Channel name

## Fig. 7. SLK/LOK-dependent ERM activation regulates cell morphology and is required for Rho-driven cell contractions
### Cell morphology quantification (Fig. 7 A-E)

open preprocessing and single-cell analysis folder
1. `Setup.m` 
2. `Preprocessing.m`
3. `segmentationOptimization.mlx` if needed
4. `ObjectProperties.m`
5. `ExclusionCriteriaCellMorphology.m`

Figure generation and plotting:
1. `CellMorphologyExploration.mlx`

### Cpd31 rescues Nocodazole-induced cell blebbing (Fig. 7 F-J)

open preprocessing and single-cell analysis folder
1. `Setup.m` 
2. `Preprocessing.m`
3. `segmentationOptimization.mlx` as needed

Panels F7F and F7G were generated by visual inspection of preprocessed images and manual counting of the number of cells and the fraction of cells blebbing in each field of view. The results were manually input into an excel file (`AllDates-BlebbingCount.xlsx`) which was then loaded for figure generation in MATLAB.

Figure generation and plotting:
1. `CellMorphologyExploration.mlx`